Third Rock Techkno was started by three passionate blokes: Krunal Shah, Tapan P. and Nishant Contractor in 2015. Third Rock Techkno’s headquarters are located in California, USA and a state-of-the-art technology hub is based in Ahmedabad, India.

The founders were committed to building a company with technological expertise to cater to everyone from students to business owners. They also envisioned a workplace that stays up-to-date with the latest trends in technology and is a great environment to work in!

Krunal Shah
Co-Founder

Krunal has 10+ years of experience in the IT Industry having worked on several complex projects in the spheres of social enterprises, the automobile industry and education.

He is an expert in Database Design, Architecture Design, Performance Optimization, Caching and, Design, among other complex systems. Krunal believes in high standards and processes in his work and thrives on customer satisfaction.

Tapan Patel
Co-Founder

Tapan has 5+ years of experience in creating the best teams and developing innovations through cutting edge solutions. He is passionate about creating new technological solutions for clients. He believes in delivering the promise of “Better Customer Experience” by exploring and transforming the digital world by providing the best solutions to clients. He banks on his team to transform clients’ ideas into reality.

Tapan strongly believes in training people and empowering them to go beyond the obvious. He trains people to meet customers’ expectations and give them an A-W-E-S-O-M-E experience.

Nishant Contractor
Co-Founder

Nishant likes to be called a techie. Coding is his Yoga. He is a developer with 10+ years of experience. He is an expert in j2EE, AngularJS and Node js. At Third Rock Techkno, he dons many hats, from understanding the scope of projects to handling the entire project’s architecture and lending a hand in designing from time-to-time.

He is a believer in agile methodology and lean startup concept. This combination, he believes, leads to quick growth and least possible friction.

Yashesh Chauhan
Co-Founder

Yashesh is having 10+ years of experience in developing and managing mobile apps. with a tremendous amount of success in all aspects of project management, from detailed project analyses, performance reviews, and overseeing and resource allocation, to coordinating directly with clients on behalf of the Third Rock Techkno. He has been involved in many complex projects and helps them to make it deliver on time with quality.

Yashesh is a Diligent project manager offering a proven record of success leading all phases of diverse technology projects.
